Add a doc for multi project configuration (#2138)
google/knative-gcp: docs/examples/cloudauditlogssource/README.md

   1. If you are using standard Kubernetes secrets, but want to use a
      non-default one, update `secret` with your own secret.

>     1. If you are [managing multiple project](../../install/managing-multiple-projects.md), be careful to specify the `project`
>     where you want your Google Cloud resources resides.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1. By default the AuditLog Sink will be created in the same project as your GKE cluster. However, if you are [managing multiple projects](../../install/managing-multiple-projects.md), then you can specify `spec.project`,
    which is the Google Cloud Project that the AuditLog Sink is created in.
```

   ```shell
   kubectl apply --filename cloudauditlogssource.yaml

>    ```

Reviewer: Add --project to the `Publish` command.
